stop cosimo rai canon
but you weren't in the field
from every
apparently not
as you enter you can also exit the windows
I had to see you without anyone knowing
I am more than convinced
since you were preparing yourself
but stuff me with lead but what do you always say
and that double what you needed to play the evening
the topia ita jap is just what I wanted to talk to you about
remember that some of the victims of the leadership were riddled with big balls
here today I found the weapon guessed
where you see it hidden
and now you are preparing to use it again
but reason silver
in these days I would have had 100 cassioli to make you out of treason
much more comfortably because you believe that you didn't do otherwise
because it's hoping to know from me who your boss was
but tonight something happened that resurrected my elimination
you know when the silver bullet was silly on the table
pick it up
because you did it spot
it gleamed in the moonlight and even if I had gathered it would mean
esc you knew the gun was unloaded
and that he therefore recorded reg in cold blood before he could speak like
aid played
it may not have been you
because you alone know when the use speaks to me of the railroad well
now you will say that I also killed austin
at the breast of you
you were all too interested in having him in good health
except your elusive boss
red eh already
don't shoot
it is not a question
I have no words percentage computing power please
they've done nothing
you're the worst of all
the others were just bandits but you are also a traitor
it wasn't my silver fault
you have tomato soup
pioltello I realized what I was doing and then I found myself involved
without even knowing how to open this is also understood you serverx indeed not
you killed me immediately you could have done it
picnik instead of
instead you just hurt me
why you say you did today
I was just asking
evidently it was a space
live you didn't want any sports
Dead Sea
what 2000 dollars